So now we're going to build the model.
So we're going to use the linear regression and going to fit the train and just look at the coefficient
and intercept the value which is coming up from this and we can do the prediction on the set and when
we did this and calculate the odds what you will notice that we got 83 percent quarters.
Okay not bad.
But remember this is on a huge set of call.
We would like to or kind of decrease them.
So in this case Tony I'm not going to Zune PC knowledge at the moment so I'm going to go with respect
to some people out of the matter because I want to show you that how to use our fee even in this.
Feel free to use PC or PC any.
As for your wish now let's say 15 features if we go Glaxo me daddy going to lose it to 15.
So we can just go and look at the rankings support and all that.
To the prediction.
Look at our squad.
So we got 89 percent which is good right.
We are getting a better accuracy.
Ms.
A-squared free then we can go with 6 or 6 Also we did a prediction or none and now we got it yet again.
So we got this value but up which one we should choose like should go for 6.
Or should we go for 15.
Right.
But actually we should not look at as what we have to also look at it to.
That's one of the important metric and is to get that and just tell us what we need to use the tax model.
So let's now create this model again Gingrich that's model.
So now I'm going to create with two columns first and then you're going to do it with the summary or
you would come across basically of dystrophin some ninety three point nine percent of US strategy numbers
are stacked model so things can go a little different.
And I just told us querist mindedly pointed.
Now let's begin with the prediction by adding constant and then doing a prediction that and then look
at that score which is zero point it nine.
So although the training was NOT KNOW line 3 but on the test in 0.11.
And for me it's more important to look at the test rather than on the plane.
Now after that we can basically go and apply for the six columns again applying all the same stacks
and with six I got all basically R-squared off in nine and basically idiot point five right on the test
set.
So this is what we are getting.
For us to spike now what should we go for.
Should we go for 15 or 16 or 17.
We are getting a little better.
Actually our square in comparison to 6 but what we can do.
Well Mark can we stop at six centers in our trying it for about trying it.
So in order to do that how about we treat it as a hyper power meter and create kind of a function which
will run from 4 to let's say.
And we will see that how I just R-squared and everything is coming up and we can plot a graph for it.
So this is a simple function being created for what is going to run from 4 to 20 and you can notice
that in this particular code we have basically written this predicted us crack and then we are just
plotting this test as courtliness square and adjusted R-squared in this case.
And you can notice that the star Square is deglazing after the Basically value somewhere around 12 or
13.
So we should not even look at and evaluate than tool because it is decreasing.
And if you look at this value between 11:54 its kind of not moving much especially if you look at test
script.
So we really like to go with more simpler model.
So I would choose the value 6 in this case.
Now again you would have noticed that and not Bocking with respect to each and every line of code because
again I'm going with an assumption that you know this is only giving you a patent which you need to
follow and please not to each line of code on your own if you have any problem reasoned discussion forum
but please you have to do everything on your own and your own.
You should not do.
The way I'm doing this is just for an explanation.
But but you're definitely right on that score.
Buy it or if you want to become a good scientist.